
inteiri dividido
alto baixo
ambicioso desambicioso 
ambicioso desinteressado 
ambicioso despretencioso 
amigavel desagradavel 
ansioso calmo 
ansioso confiante 
ansioso despreocupado 
ansioso impassivel 
ansioso imperturbado 
ansioso imperturbavel 
ansioso manso 
ansioso pacato 
ansioso seguro 
ansioso sereno 
ansioso sossegado 
assassino bondoso 
atroz bondoso 
avarenta generosa 
avarento generoso 
balofa magra 
balofo magro 
balofa raquitica 
balofo raquitico 
bandido bondoso 
bondoso assassino 
bondoso atroz 
bondoso bandido 
bondoso barbaro 
bondoso carnifice 
bondoso carrasco 
bondoso criminoso 
bondoso cruel 
bondoso desalmado 
bondoso desamoroso 
bondoso desumano 
bondoso duro 
bondoso escalfurnio 
bondoso facinoroso 
bondoso facinora 
bondoso frio 
bondoso homicida 
bondoso imisericordioso 
bondoso impiedoso 
bondoso implacavel 
bondoso inclemente 
bondoso infando 
bondoso inflexivel 
bondoso insensivel 
bondoso inumano 
bondoso iníquo 
bondoso lobal 
bondoso mal-intencionado 
bondoso maldito 
bondoso maldoso 
bondoso malebra 
bondoso maleva 
bondoso malevo 
bondoso malevolente  
bondoso malfazejo 
bondoso malfeitor 
bondoso malicioso 
bondoso maligno 
bondoso malino 
bondoso malvado 
bondoso malefico 
bondoso malevolo 
bondoso matador 
bondoso mau 
bondoso molesto 
bondoso mordaz 
bondoso nefando 
bondoso nefario
bondoso nefasto  
bondoso peste 
bondoso pravo 
bondoso ruim 
bondoso sanguinolento 
bondoso sanguinario 
bondoso sanguissedento 
bondoso selvagem 
bondoso tirano 
bondoso tiranico 
bondoso truculento 
bondoso impio 
barbaro bondoso 
cainha generosa 
cainha generoso 
calmo ansioso 
carinhoso rude agressivo violento 
carnifice bondoso 
carrasco bondoso 
chato interessante 
ciumenta desprendida
ciumento desprendido
compreensivo
compreensivo 
confiante ansioso 
confiavel suspeito 
criminoso bondoso 
cruel bondoso 
depressa devagar 
desalmado bondoso 
desambicioso ambicioso 
desamoroso bondoso 
desinteressado ambicioso 
desprendido invejoso 
despreocupado ansioso 
despretencioso ambicioso 
desumano bondoso 
devagar depressa
devagar depressa 
duro bondoso 
escalfurnio bondoso 
estreito largo 
facinoroso bondoso 
facinora bondoso 
fino grosso 
frio bondoso 
frio quente 
gelado quente 
generosa avarenta 
generosa cainha 
generoso avarento 
generoso cainha 
generoso invejoso 
gorda magra 
gorda raquitica 
gordo magro 
gordo raquitico 
grande pequeno
grande pequeno 
grosso fino
homicida bondoso 
honesto desonesto
imisericordioso bondoso 
impassível ansioso 
imperturbado ansioso 
imperturbável ansioso 
impiedoso bondoso 
implacavel bondoso 
inclemente bondoso 
incontendivel inseguro 
incontestavel inseguro 
incontroverso inseguro 
indiscutivel inseguro 
indubitavel inseguro 
inegável inseguro 
infando bondoso 
inflexivel bondoso 
inseguro incontendivel 
inseguro incontestavel 
inseguro incontroverso 
inseguro indiscutivel 
inseguro indubitavel 
inseguro inegavel 
inseguro provado 
inseguro seguro 
insensível bondoso 
interessante chato 
inumano bondoso 
invejoso desprendido 
invejoso generoso 
iníquo bondoso 
largo estreito
largo estreito 
leve pesado 
lobal bondoso 
magra balofa 
magra gorda 
magro balofo 
magro gordo 
maior menor
maior menor 
mal-intencionado bondoso 
maldito bondoso 
maldoso bondoso 
malebra bondoso 
maleva bondoso 
malevo bondoso 
malevolente bondoso 
malevão bondoso 
malfazejo bondoso 
malfeitor bondoso 
malicioso bondoso 
maligno bondoso 
malino bondoso 
malvado bondoso 
malefico bondoso 
malevolo bondoso 
manso ansioso 
matador bondoso 
mau bondoso 
menor maior 
molesto bondoso 
mordaz bondoso 
nefando bondoso 
nefário bondoso 
pacato ansioso 
pequeno grande 
pesado leve
peste bondoso 
pravo bondoso 
provado inseguro 
quente frio 
quente frio gelado
quente gelado 
raquitica balofo 
raquitica gorda 
raquitico balofo 
raquitico gordo 
ruim bondoso 
sanguinolento bondoso 
sanguinário bondoso 
sanguissedento bondoso 
seguro ansioso 
seguro inseguro 
selvagem bondoso 
sereno ansioso 
simpatico  apatico
sossegado ansioso 
suspeito confiavel 
temperamental
tirano bondoso 
tirânico bondoso 
truculento bondoso 
impio bondoso 
inteiro quebrado
inteiro dividido